[XSUP 31458] Fix test-module in PANW Enterprise DLP (#31983)
demisto/content: Packs/Palo_Alto_Networks_Enterprise_DLP/ReleaseNotes/2_0_9.md

#### Integrations
##### Palo Alto Networks Enterprise DLP

> - Fixed an issue where running the ***test button*** and authenticating with the credentials option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the ***test button*** could fail.
- Fixed an issue where authenticating with client credentials did not work properly.
```
